Your conspiracy has been exposed
It's no use getting angry here
See clearly
Father has decided to break off the father-son relationship with you
If you get down on your knees now and kowtow three times
Confess to your father
And then...
Sign this divorce agreement
We can consider letting you live
Impossible. My son would never hurt anyone
You must be mistaken.
Kowtow and tremble
sever ties
Is this what Dad means or what you mean?
What difference does it make?
Even if you stay in the Jiang family shamelessly now
You won't get a penny.
It's better for Zhijun to get out of here
I never wanted your Jiang family's money
My dad and I have thicker blood than water
If Dad really thinks I did this to him
If you want to cut ties with me
Then let Dad come and tell me in person
Otherwise I would never sign
It's a toast
Then go ahead and take it all apart for me
No.
This is the only place where Xiao Cai can live
You can't take it apart?
I'm going to make you homeless.
No place in Pingcheng
Do it!
You... you've gone too far.
How is that okay?
You want us to stop?
I'll give you a chance.
As long as you can prove that you donated the bone yourself
Dad saved by marrow
I can not only leave you this stinky house
Only then can the whole river be delivered to you
Care about your property in Jiangjiang
I just want you to get on your knees and kowtow to my mom and apologize
Then get out